Link documentation on enabling allocation profiler in enabling the profiler (#11059)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/profiler/enabling.md

> - Datadog strongly recommends that you specify the `service` and `version` as this gives you the ability to slice and dice your profiles across these dimensions. Use environment variables to set the parameters:

Reviewer: Out of scope, but at some point we should collapse ^ into step 3 otherwise it's like "do this, do that, ok you're all done, just kidding! go back and change the thing you did before!" :-)

Author: Yes, let me do the change right after this PR.

Author: https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/11144/files

## Enabling the allocation profiler

> In tracer v0.83.0+, the allocation profiler is disabled by default on Java 15 and lower. To enable it, see [Enabling the allocation profiler][8].

Reviewer: Nit but I might make this consistent with the troubleshoot page and tweak it because:
1. Generally nice to be consistent between this page and troubleshooting unless there's a good reason to differ.
2. "Overwhelm the profiler" may be a little ambiguous. Will it drop data? Corrupt profiles? Use too much cpu? You and I know the answer ofc but users may not.
3. We miiight want to add something that encourages people to give it a shot in a safe way left everyone just ignore it?

Maybe something like the following in both places.
```suggestion
In dd-java-agent v0.83.0+ and Java 15 and lower, the allocation profiler is opt-in because it can use excessive CPU in allocation-heavy applications. This isn't common, so you may want to try it in a staging environment to see if it affects your application. To enable it, see [Enabling the allocation profiler][8].
```

Feel free to tweak further or skip if you disagree.

Author: I like it.

## Environment variables

| Environment variable                             | Type          | Description                                                                                      |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `DD_PROFILING_ENABLED`                           | Boolean       | Alternate for `-Ddd.profiling.enabled` argument. Set to `true` to enable profiler.               |

> | `DD_PROFILING_ALLOCATION_ENABLED`                | Boolean       | Alternate for `-Ddd.profiling.allocation.enabled` argument. Set to `true` to enable allocation profiler. It requires the profiler to be enabled already. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `DD_PROFILING_ALLOCATION_ENABLED`                | Boolean       | Alternate for `-Ddd.profiling.allocation.enabled` argument. Set to `true` to enable the allocation profiler. It requires the profiler to be enabled already. |
```

| `DD_VERSION`                                     | String        | The version of your service.                             |
| `DD_TAGS`                                        | String        | Tags to apply to an uploaded profile. Must be a list of `<key>:<value>` separated by commas such as: `layer:api, team:intake`.  |

## Enabling the allocation profiler

> In versions 0.84.0+ of the tracer, the allocation profiler is disabled by default. To enable it, see [Enabling the allocation profiler][8]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In tracer v0.84.0+, the allocation profiler is disabled by default. To enable it, see [Enabling the allocation profiler][8].
```

[5]: https://app.datadoghq.com/profiling
[6]: https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/technotes/tools/solaris/java.html
[7]: /tracing/guide/setting_primary_tags_to_scope/#environment

> [8]: (/tracing/profiler/profiler_troubleshooting/#enabling-the-allocation-profiler)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[8]: /tracing/profiler/profiler_troubleshooting/#enabling-the-allocation-profiler
```
